I blame Gregg.
It's Morgan's fault.
A stranger just threw up all over the apartment. The horror!
I am in the middle of planning my wedding on Pinterest.
I am making decorations for my pet's birthday party.
I am out of gas.
I broke my entire body. Pray for me.
I don't want to.
I fell into a Wikipedia hole and now I’m convinced that the Zodiac killer is going to come back and I will be his first victim.
I grounded myself for 2 weeks.
I have a court appearance at the same time!
I have a really terrible headache and I know you’re going to build it worse.
I have leftover pizza in the fridge. Enough said.
I haven't washed my hair in four days and tomorrow it'll be five.
I have too much guilt.
I have to total my science experiment about whether or not Jack could have fit on the door.
I have to wait for the internet technician to come over and he still hasn’t shown.
I heard traffic is so bad.
I just PostMate-d Chipotle.
I just threw up all over my apartment.
I'm being deported.
I'm gluten-free.
I'm in the middle of a really invigorating Tinder convo and I honestly think they could be the one.
I'm in the middle of reading Gone Girl for the first time.
I'm planning my dream vacation.
I'm planning the perfect murder.
I'm so lost, I think I'm just going to go home.
I'm too young for that.
I'm trying to cut down.....on everything.
I'm uncomfortable when surrounded by others.
I'm working on my Christmas list which is categorized and color-coded.
I'm writing a bucket list.
I need to wash my hair.
I pre-gamed too hard. Wayyyy too hard.
I read a news article and now I'm highly depressed.
I rented a movie and I don't want to have to pay for an extra day.
I threw my hip out.
I totally forgot about (insert fictional person here) coming into town and I have to clean up.
It's [insert famous celebrity's name here] birthday and I must celebrate alone.
It's too cold outside.
I went on WebMD and now I have 26 different doctors appointments tomorrow.
Mandatory family dinner.
My dog just threw up all over my apartment.
My earrings are too heavy.
My grandparents are visiting.
My imaginary friend died.
The news anchor told me to stay tuned.
The pizza delivery guy will be here any second.
There's a Harry Potter marathon on ABC Family.
Uber is surging 4x right now and I love you, but not that much.
I forgot to charge my car.
I'm in the control group.
[Excuse not found]
