wears "fuck the police" shirt to court, wins case.
attacked during selfie with squirrel.
in "No, seriously, I have drugs" t-shirt arrested for possession of drugs.
suspected of using private plane to draw giant radar penis.
charged with assult with a deadly weapon after throwing alligator through Wendy's drive-thru window.
steals a car, realizes a baby is in it, drops baby off safely, and makes his getaway.
claims Burger King put dirt on his food - it was seasoning.
planning to 'shoot down' hurricane.
gets tired of waiting at hospital, steals ambulance, drives home.
tries to rob GameStop while wearing transparent bag on his head.
breaks into jail to hang with friends.
paints anti-Hillary messages on crabs.
hides in swamp after high-speed police chase, gets stuck and licked by police dog.
tried to run to Bermuda in an inflatable bubble. Rescued by Coast Guard. Again.
denies drinking and driving, says he only drinks at stop signs.
leaves job at Burger King, steals all of the chicken nuggets because "fuck it."
arrested for assaulting girlfriend with fried chicken.
climbs on playground equipment to tell children where babies come from.
steals neighbor's peacock, gets chased by angry birds.
misspells "school" on warning sign, twice.
stabs tourist despite having no arms.
arrested for driving stolen vehicle while monkey clings to chest.
ripped urinal from restaurant bathroom wall, ran away naked into woods.
pauses police chase to rehydrate with stolen Capri Sun, says smoking crack makes him thirsty.
gives police exonerating dash cam video following traffic incident. Includes video of him robbing beauty store.
admits to killing a goat and drinking its blood for pagan sacrifice. Still aspires to be Senator.
arrested for eating pancakes in the middle of a crosswalk.
disguises himself in bull costume as he tries to burn down former lover's house with pasta sauce.
steals BMW after he's told he can't buy it with food stamps.
arrested in local park for practicing karate on swans.
arrested for posing as doctor, opening fake doctor's office.
says he danced on patrol car in order to escape vampires.
kicked out of trump rally for wearing penis on head.
asks trooper if he can leave scene of crash to get more meth.
pulls out plastic badge and tells speeding motorist, "I the police."
can't produce driver's license for police, shows them mixtake instead.
wearing a mop on his head terrifies neighbors with demands for eggs.
drives date to sports bar on stolen Walmart mobility scooter.
calls 911 to report himself drunk driving.
burns himself dancing naked around fire for solstice ritual.
gives police fake name to try and avoid arrest. Fake name has DUI.
asks public for help looking for his 18 foot banana.
arrested for attempting to steal a power pole by strapping it on top of his SUV.
tries to leave strip club, crashes into house, runs himself over.
in tutu breaks into farmer's market to consume fruit and soda.
arrested for illegal ride on manatee.
calls 911 to report lack of vodka.
filmed stealing dozens of pigeons while wearing trash bag and bucket on his head.
steals bees because he thought they were abandoned.
wanders naked through neighborhood holding cooking oil. Erect, says he's aroused by rain.
caught trying to smuggle dead alligator in car.
blows off fingers with fireworks a day early, unable to wait for the 4th.
spends four hours yelling at people from roof of a Wendy's clad only in underwear.
with handlebar mustache assaults woman on plane, starts a fight with several passengers, yells at police to tase him, and then gets tased 10 times.
found with nearly a dozen stolen zoo animals in his apartment.
tries to walk out of Walmart with $172 worth of steak and lobster stuffed down his pants.
arrested for beating drag queen with tiki torch while dressed as member of KKK. Running for mayor.
bursts into ex's delivery room, fights her new boyfriend as she's giving birth.
proudly claims he's the first man ever to vape semen.
calls 911 to talk about Hitler.
asks police to test meth for authenticity.
calmly enjoys his grits as fight breaks out behind him at Waffle House.
allegedly kept nuclear secrets in bathroom.
