You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.
What you are is what you have been. What you'll be is what you do now.
What we see is mainly what we look for.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Fear makes strangers of those who would be friends.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning, you're not old.
Silence is a source of great strength.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
We cannot see our reflection in running water. It is only in still water that we can.
Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
One who asks a question is a fool for a minute; one who does not remains a fool forever.
Problems are the price of progress.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
You know that person you can call at 3 AM when the worst news comes?
Thank them NOW for being that person for you. Don't wait for disaster!
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person, you may be the world.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die.
Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.
Strangers are friends you have yet to meet.
Confidence is preparation. Everything else is beyond your control.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Doing your best means never stop trying.
Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people.
Good judgement comes with experience. Unfortunately, the experience usually comes from bad judgement.
Well done is better than well said.
Meet the first beginnings. Look to the budding mischief before it has time to ripen to maturity.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
We are limited, not by our abilities, but by our vision.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
If the game is rigged so you can't win, find another game or invent your own.
If you're not winning because you don't know the rules, learn the rules.
If you know the rules but aren't willing to follow them, there's either something wrong with the game or you need to change something in yourself.
Don't play the game in a half-baked way. Either get all the way in or all the way out.
It shouldn't be necessary for others to lose in order for you to win. If others have to lose, re-evaluate the game's goals.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power, and influence.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.
Pleasure can be supported by an illusion; but happiness rests upon truth.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful.
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
Every day brings a choice: to practice stress or to practice peace.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
Tip: When deciding on defense or education spending ask yourself how many terrorist do you see in a day compared to how many fucking idiots
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
Knowledge and ego are directly related. The less knowledge, the greater the ego.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
If you are never scared, embarrassed, or hurt, it means you never take chances.
Patience is passion tamed.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
An honest answer is the sign of true friendship.
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.
We are born and we die. No one cares, no one remembers, and it doesn't matter. This is why we laugh.
Our pack, our children, our territory, the hunt, the kill, the battle. Health, full stomach, sharp weapons, your packmates next to you under the stars, seeing your child kill her first prey. These are important.
Anything else is needless complication, no matter how much fun it is.
If you can't eat it, wear it, wield it, or carry it, leave it behind.
Plan before hunting, discuss after hunting, hunt while hunting.
Lead, follow, or hunt alone. Success-first meat of kill, greater trust. Failure-less trust. Disaster-survivors eat you.
Expect trust outside the pack to be betrayed.
Two are much stronger than one. Three are much stronger than two. Ten are barely stronger than nine. Fifty are much stronger than ten, but barely stronger than forty.
An archer, a swordsman, and a scout are stronger than three swordsmen.
Stay alive. Hopeless battles are hopeless. Dead is dead.
Stay alive. Once you decide to kill, use all your skill, strength, and deception. Nobly dead is dead.
Die biting the throat.
All of them, those in power, and those who want the power, would pamper us, if we agreed to overlook their crookedness by wilfully restricting our activities.
When you live on a round planet, there's no choosing sides.
What other people think of me is none of my business.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
If it's not fun, you're not doing it right.
The things you own end up owning you.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
You're not your job. You're not how much money you have in the bank.
You're not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet.
You're not your fucking khakis. You're the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world.
Reject the basic assumptions of civilization, especially the importance of material possessions.
The liberator who destroyed my property has realigned my perceptions.
Ridiculous statement! Feeling!
